[DNS] add info about analytics API properties (#7791)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/dns/additional-options/analytics.md

2. Select your zone.
3. Go to **Analytics** > **DNS**.

> For more detailed metrics, you can use the [Cloudflare API](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/dns-analytics-table) and consider the [Analytics API properties](/dns/reference/analytics-api-properties/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed metrics, you can use the [DNS analytics API operation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/dns-analytics-table) along with the available [Analytics API properties](/dns/reference/analytics-api-properties/).
```
Nit: I felt that the original sentence was hard to read... feel free to disregard my suggestion.
